personal speech was to talk and be
Welcome to another video in the video of
Two new skins to skindô in and
skindo so hot it's coming with him
along with the champion when he launches
so the first one you're seeing is
skindô in the area point sending in arnhem
and people wanted kim more cute more
cuddly gna gnarr on the table small farm
so it's very beautiful to schin is a
simple skin does not add any
new animation she'll see for 975 rp
I found it more than super cool just to
he combined is and did not draw the traits
it's cute to be cute and does some
jokes even with assis
So I liked the denar game.
but hey I'm tempted to buy this
kim risk is very very cute
I tried to bring you all the
details of stages of transformation
he is white after he stays
With the blood of you, everything is
red and then it turns is promising
in there does not have much new animation either
to show you the pure all
same thing different than already a clock
né ii throw stone or a building not 3
Who does he play a watch so there?
recall for you I thought I saw it well
cool with binocular looks cute
approved step
I do not know if I will buy because in the game and
you an approved statue that very
cute
the next time it's so hot then
Guys, I can not speak the name of this.
champion tam hot so hot and gaseous
It's so hot, it's complicated, it's more
flame masterchef tam hot
I do not know now if the inspiration of the
program nec master chef program has
put his opinion of boss
Maybe it can be just
coincidence for them and no smoking river
boss I do not know but there I found it cool
combined with the champion this theme the
skin
will we see in other champions
masterchef would be cool is the champ you
think that it would combine a spin master
chef found fun going to come with that
how do you know you always see champions
who sells a combo
but if you buy the one that separated
I believe it will also be 975 rf
so the staff is if you want to see with
more details nor a schin with images
all
the link is here in the application for you
go there on site 12 in see more details
and had team asked in yesterday's video
about this interface I changed it
no people this interface is the new one
lol interface I already made a video here
on the channel showing it in more detail
of the author left a link in the description of this
new interface
she has no date yet the village is in
test but this is it you want to enter
here in the video is the link in the discussion there
Do you watch the video to see the
news that will change quite something
in this new interface
so that's it leave in the comments
saying that you found the 15
Are you crazy for either or both?
finally I'll give it to you and I 'll like it
I 'm not comparing him from the tank to you.
I do not know if I liked it so much, I thought
he agreed with it but I do not know how to do much
my type does not
So that's personal, and I hope you have
liked videos will be the favorite
If you are new, sign up here at
channel confirmed other videos
Thank you very much watched a kiss and until
to the next champions